[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here we are, again.
>> Here we are.
>> And are you ready
to do some channeling?
>> Absolutely.
>> Before we do that, a
couple quick questions.
Who do you think would
be coming in today?
>> There is a consciousness, and
there's a couple of beings that
steps outside of
that consciousness.
One is Jeremiah, who is
the prophet Jeremiah.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And the other is
St. Thomas of Aquinas.
And those two have
been a very big part
of my journey and my
lectures in life situations.
I also channel a ninth
dimensional Lemurian ascension
collective.
>> Right, and you
mentioned before,
that's the one you did the
seminar, the class with?
>> Yeah, that's right, yes.
And they come in
often, as well, when
we're talking about
our bridging to
the fifth dimensional energies.
I work with a Pleiadian
collective as well.
And I'm also bringing
in a council of light.
>> A council of light?
>> A council of light, yes.
They are 12th
dimensional beings,
they have ascended through, you
know, 12th dimensional reality.
They are made up of a
variety of different races.
And their purpose is, really,
to ensure balance and harmony
in the universe.
So they're very
involved with what's
going on here on
our planet, as well
as in other dimensional
realities and other locations.
>> So just explain--
before we jump in
the channeling--
>> Yes.
>> Questions always
keep arising--
to explain this idea
of collectivenss,
a collective consciousness.
I think I have a
pretty good grasp,
but what's your definition of
that, of how they come through?
>> Many beings functioning
as one, you know,
the connection of many
beings as one, as a--
is universal information.
>> So, like, humanity, would
the entire human race in its own
beingness be its own
collective being?
>> I think that is the purpose.
I think that is how
we were designed.
I do not believe that that's
currently the situation of what
we have here on our planet.
I think we have a
splitting of timelines
and a splitting
of consciousness.
And, you know, we're very
singular, singularly based,
and--
>> Individually based.
We've been focused in--
we've been changed genetically,
really, in order to do that.
So I think that that
was always the purpose,
you know, for our race to
connect as a one consciousness.
I don't feel we're
currently doing that,
but I think we're on
the path to heal that,
and I think we're on the path
to pull that back together.
You know, I can tell
you a little bit
about the council
of light, and just
because I had an
experience with them.
I actually dimensionally
traveled to meet them
and done some
dimensional traveling
to meet a variety of different
beings and conference
with them.
But I had an experience
with the council of light
where I actually--
my light body
traveled to meet them.
I was at a table of ascension.
It was a wooden
table, there were
a variety of different light
beings around the table.
And I asked them,
I said, you know,
what's up with a wooden table?
You know, we're in 12th
dimensional consciousness.
And we have wooden tables here?
And they said, well, you
brought that into this reality
with you, you know?
This is how you're
interpreting the energy.
So they actually allowed me
to experience what it feels
like to be one consciousness.
And the table disappeared
and we all became one.
>> Interesting.
So the table was a figment
of your imagination?
>> I created that, bringing
in my third dimensional
understanding, or fourth
dimension understanding,
of how a council would look,
or how they would fit together
in one unit.
>> So you created
the council-like--
>> Scenario, right?
>> Based on your idea of
what a council is from this
dimensional reality.
>> Right.
>> In that reality,
it wasn't that at all.
>> No.
>> What happened
when you merged?
>> It was just a feeling
of a high vibration bliss.
I mean, we were just
one light, together.
And thoughts flowed, but they
weren't necessarily mine.
They were everybody's.
I mean, it was just a
very unique experience
that I'll never forget.
And I don't even know
if I can describe--
but I think that's what
they are, you know?
They connect together
as a one, and they're
making collective decisions
based on that frequency
that they hold,
and the connection
that they have to one another.
>> So maybe this might
be a way to describe it,
and maybe I can ask them later--
>> Right.
>> If humanity was operating
in a one consciousness type,
unified, I am assuming we
would all be telepathic.
>> Yes.
>> And then-- that, and then
you're saying a collective
of different beings.
So then, maybe-- so,
Earth, and the Pleiadians,
and the zeta reticuli, and
the draconian lizards--
if all of them, together, came
and formed an even bigger one
unified consciousness
field of energy, lightness,
would that be something
similar to the council?
>> Wow.
I believe that the
council was formed
for a very specific purpose.
And that is because--
I've been channeling a
book, it's not completely
finished yet, but it's a work
in progress and, you know,
I want to share a
lot of it because I
think there's more to come--
but I do believe that the reason
that the council was formed
is because there were some
activities that were not
to the liking of many
races and beings,
specifically within
the reptilian race.
And when the reptilian race--
I believe that they came
here, I believe they came here
in physical form,
and I believe there
was some skewing
of timelines based
on the ascension of
the entire universe,
because it's all connected.
You know, our ascension here is
connected to everything else.
So because that was not
in the best interest
of all beings and
all races, I believe
each race came
together and, you know,
sent someone from
their collective
to form a part of
this council in order
to oversee balancing
those energies
and trying to reverse
what's gone on.
>> It's sort of like in Star
Trek, when the Borg appeared.
So everybody in the
Federation, and even
the Klingons and everybody
else got together, the Romulans
got together, to fight this
evil, you know, Borg entity.
>> Yeah, exactly, exactly.
>> All right, interesting.
>> I wish I could
write up on that.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Cool.
Well, let's, you know, I guess
whoever wants to come in,
but this light council sounds
quite fascinating, since--
>> OK.
>> we're on that subject,
if they wouldn't mind coming
first, last, or at
some point in time,
I'd love to have a conversation.
>> OK, you feel free to
ask for whoever you want,
if they are not showing up.
>> OK.
>> Excellent.
>> Could you describe a little
bit about the collective.
You said it's a
group of collectives,
different
extraterrestrial races--
>> Yes.
>> Exist of, and
how that was formed.
>> We are placed.
As there have been
many dimensional wars
within the universal
fabric, there
have been timelines in which
there have been concern
that the harmony of the grid,
or the universal energies,
were not congruent to the
ascension of all beings.
As such, there was a collective
decision, based on many races,
to form a council in which
each being or dimensional
reality was represented
on the council
to oversee the harmony of
these energies, universally.
There are a variety of
beings and multiple races
that are a part of the council.
The communication is
telepathic in nature.
These beings that have stepped
forward onto the council
have or hold a 12th dimensional
reality meeting in the race
that they have been assimilated.
They have ascended through
a 12th dimensional reality
and are able to hold that
reality on behalf of the race
that they are representing.
And many believe
that, as a council,
we are here to solve
problems and we are here
to get involved in
disagreements between races
and on your planetary space.
And we would say that is
not at all our intent.
We are very much aware that
many races, including your own,
have their own timelines that
they must engage in order
to ascend through
a process that has
been planned through the
evolution of their own soul--
as a one, we would say,
their own soul as a one.
We are here to ensure the
integrity of the grid.
So, let us explain.
As you are able to create
timelines as a singular being,
your consciousness is
able to create timelines
as a part of the connection
to this universal grid.
If the council sees that
a timeline is created
that would be harmful or
in a lower vibrational
alignment to the ascension
or the benefit of all races,
there is a balancing
of energies or a plan
that is made to
balance and harmonize
the energies associated with
the essence of the consciousness
that is creating the timeline.
So we have spoken of upgrades
on your planetary being, where
there have been alignments
and solar energies.
And we would say that
the council, as well
as their connection to
many of these races,
have been integral in
planning and manipulating
some of these upgrades
in order to ensure
the integrity of the
ascension timeline
and in order to keep
the human race--
as one example-- on
track with that timeline,
in order to benefit all races.
So that is our dominant role
in the universal energy,
is to come together as one for
the higher good of all races,
as they are connected
to the energetic grid.
>> So other 12th dimensional
collectives are working
together in this one collective
that we're speaking to now.
So would, like, the
Pleiadian collective--
is it a reticuli collective,
the draconian collective--
if there is one--
of 12th dimensions?
Are they all part of
this collective council?
>> We would say,
for example, yes,
the Pleiadian energy is
represented on the council.
It is not the entire collective
of the Pleiadian energy.
The Pleiadian
energy, as a one, has
sent a representative energy
of their race to this council.
So think of it as
a new consciousness
that has been formed through
the connection of many beings
that are holding a 12th
dimensional reality.
And through that
connection, there
is a collective
decision to uphold
the integrity of the grid.
>> Is this a big undertaking
for the human timeline and where
we're at in the
gridding for humanity?
I'm assuming it's going
much larger than humanity.
It sounds like
it's a big project.
>> Yes.
The reason we would say
that this collective has
come to Earth in this time
is because your mother
being is at a very critical
place in its ascension process.
There is a variety
of frequency upgrades
that will be coming to
your planetary energies
in the coming years.
In addition, these
energies are going
to raise the frequency or the
base frequency of your planet.
Many of you are familiar with
the Schulman frequency, which
is one with nature and
creates the resonance
by which human
beings are connected.
This frequency in
itself is in jeopardy
of being manipulated
and shifted and changed.
And as such, we are
paying close attention
to that shift possibility
of timeline manipulation,
as it would affect the
universal grid as well.
>> Is it still at
7.35 or 7.5-ish?
>> We would say it
has been lowered.
>> Really?
Wow.
>> Does it flux,
fluctuate, does it?
>> There are times in which
the resonance fluctuates.
And yes, the goal is to
upgrade the frequency--
>> Raise it.
>> Yes.
The reason for this,
you see, is there
is an aspect of
your planetary being
that has been encapsulated
in an unnatural frequency.
This has been based on
frequency modification that
has been put forward in
your physical environment.
So the previous
message has focused
on the engagement
of the reptilian DNA
and how the hybrid reptilian
beings on your planet
are using physical
means by which
to manipulate your frequency.
This frequency is
causing an encapsulation
of your Mother Earth in an
unnatural or disharmonious
state.
As such, the Shulman frequency
is interrupted, at times,
based on the potential
of this frequency
and based on the
dominant frequency
that the human race, or
collective race, is holding.
And let us give you an example.
Many of you refer
to the date of 9/11
as one that was very
catastrophic on your planet.
And as such, this
manipulation of your timeline
resulted in a dominant low
frequency with a connection
to this action.
>> So 9/11 was an incident
created to hijack the timeline?
>> 9/11 created a consciousness
on your planet as human beings
were accepting its timeline.
That consciousness held a
lower dominant frequency,
and that lower
dominant frequency
resonated into the org
field of your Mother Earth,
manipulating or changing
its innate balance.
And that is the
type of activity we
speak of that is possible in
the acceptance of a timeline
by your human consciousness
in the coming two years.
And that why I would say
that we are monitoring
the connections to the grid
very carefully, in this time,
in order to ensure
that it is counteracted
by higher frequencies that
are coming to your planet
to balance.
So when we say upgrade--
and we speak of solar energies
and planetary alignments
and how those affect
your operating system--
they are not healing
you, in essence.
They are neutralizing
the energy.
>> I see.
>> They are assisting you to
balance to a higher frequency
and accept a new timeline other
than the type that was created
by this incident.
>> So, in essence, one group
of entities is putting out
a certain frequency as a
group of unseen entities,
and then another
group, yourselves,
are putting out another set
of frequencies, vibrations,
to neutralize that one, so
humanity can kind of continue
in its free will zone,
this choice of, you know,
live without being pulled in
one direction or the other.
>> Yes, and we would say the
integrity of the grid is also
very dependent on the frequency
of your Mother Earth Gaia
planet, as it is an intentional
in the frequency connection
of all beings, of all races.
So it is important
to us to oversee
the harmony of that frequency.
>> And continue to allow
humanity to continue to evolve
at its own pace, as opposed
to being pulled one direction
or the other.
>> Yes.
>> To continue the
balance of the universe.
>> Many are familiar with
the dimensional realities,
as you are standing as a human
consciousness within a fourth
dimensional space.
And as the council
of light, we would
say we are standing
in an integral space
between the 12th
and 13th dimensional
reality, one in which is the
basis of expansion of many
of our dimensional
realities and many races who
have come to the table
of this ascension plan.
Those dimensional
realities can expand
beyond where they
have been created
by the energy of
all of us, as they
are one in this entire
timeline of ascension.
Many of you confuse timelines.
Let us give some definition
around this term.
>> It keeps coming up
and I'm like, well,
maybe my definition of
timelines isn't quite right.
>> Yes.
>> Thank you.
>> There are infinite numbers
of timelines in this universal
reality.
Human beings have a
very linear aspect
of time, which was
given to them in order
to manifest through
their physical bodies
and experience their
creative energy in a density
that it's physical.
But timelines, in essence,
have many connective forces,
and we are going to direct
you back to the energy grid
that we speak of.
There is a universal
energy grid that
is connective of all races
and all dimensional realities,
and that is the basis for
the timeline intersection.
So in your physical
reality, you are
able to create timelines, yes?
You can choose one
relationship over another,
you can choose to bring
the higher frequency in,
you can experience a
timeline of joyous occasion
versus a timeline of suffering.
You create that based
on the frequency
that you choose to hold.
That timeline, if you
take it in your mind
and expand it into a
universal playing field,
is now your consciousness,
or the dominant human
consciousness, as a connection
to the universal timeline.
So, as a dominant
human consciousness,
there is also a free
will choice that
can be made, through telepathic
energy, of the connection.
And as that free will choice
is made, of the highest regard,
the connection to the
universal timeline is affected.
And many of those
who are also tapping
into that timeline
of ascension are
given the expansion
of that frequency
in order to create more.
>> For every choice
into that frequency,
that emotional frequency of
excitement or love or joy,
then we are literally shifting
into another timeline?
>> You have made a free
will choice to create a new
timeline, yes.
And we want to
clarify the statement
that you made,
because we would say
there are many human beings who
feel as if they should never
access the lower
vibrational emotions,
that there is
something wrong if they
are having a day in which they
are feeling anger or sadness.
And as physical human beings in
a fourth dimensional reality,
we would say that would be
quite difficult to achieve,
as there is always the
balance of the light and dark,
and the yin and yang within
your physical structure.
And those emotions were given
to you for a great purpose.
So let us take you
back to the mind--
and we often like to equate the
mind to the reptilian species,
because the reptilian species
has a beautiful mind by which
there is an intricate connection
of the heart, shocker,
and the connection to source
by which there is creation.
The reason that you were
given that reptilian mind is
for your highest good, because
it allows you to choose
your preference based on
an emotional frequency
and in order to direct your
own vibration of attraction
and manifestation based
on that experience.
So let us further explain,
because many become confused
about how this works
as a singular being
in connection with all of it.
You are a soul,
yes, and your soul
has traveled many dimensional
realities and many experiences,
and you come here with a set
of information and an operating
system.
And you are ready.
You are grounded here,
you are ready to receive.
There are many
ideas that you have
of how you would like
to manifest your energy
in this creative way.
And let us say
that manifestation
involves painting.
And the color that you
choose to paint with is red.
You look upon that color
red and it is not giving you
a feeling of satisfaction.
As a matter of
fact, you would say
that red painting is making
you feel angry, or not worthy,
or not complete, or
not fully attached
to this energy as the highest
part of what you came to be.
You now have a free
will choice based
on the recognition of that
preference, of that red color,
to choose the
opportunity of another.
And let us say you choose blue.
In that blue painting,
you see the sky.
You see the universe,
you see the potential,
you see the feeling
and all of the emotion
that you had wished to
portray on that canvas.
And you are delighted,
and you are feeling joy,
and you are feeling
at peace with this,
and knowing that it is the most
beautiful expression of energy.
You now choose to
use blue again.
That is how your
operating system was
meant to work with frequency.
It's not as if you
were never meant
to experience sadness
or pain or illness,
you were meant to use
those experiences to choose
the frequency, or the energy,
by which you wish to direct
your experience
in a new timeline,
in a new aspect of your
creation, we would say.
>> So, in other words, we are--
our lives are like
paintings, and we're just
trying out different colors
and different expressions,
and constantly shifting
the painting into something
that we like.
>> Yes, and we would say
you were never meant to hold
resistant energies to lower
vibrational frequencies
of emotion.
And that is how the mind has
been the impetus for taking
your operating system offline.
>> So we kind of got stuck in
the idea that the painting is
fixed, and that the painting
can't be shifted upon free
will, upon any time we want.
We can always pull
out another paintbrush
and start going, but
we've forgotten that--
>> But we would take
that a step further.
>> OK.
>> We would say that you have
been directed to pay very close
attention to your
physical nature,
and that you have lost the
perspective of the fact that
you are made of energy.
And that that energy is the
basis for your experience,
that the physical nature is not
the basis for your experience.
>> When you say energy,
would that equate to emotion,
energy and motion?
>> Yes.
We would further
explain this by saying
that you, as a physical being,
were given the emotional body
as an intricate connection
to the heart chakra,
in the same way that the
reptilian species was
given an expanded mind as a
connection to the heart chakra.
There is a dominant
connection to source
that can be held through
the emotional body in order
to manifest through the
human consciousness.
And, in this way, you are able
to reach for the emotion that
pulls you into a
higher frequency
to navigate your
physical experience.
That is the understanding
that has been stolen from you,
we would say, or
has been blocked
from the human consciousness.
>> So emotions do create
the physical experience?
>> Yes, as a dominant
source of your frequency.
>> And then they create
the physical reality,
and that's reflected back to
us, creating a different kind
of emotion, or a more visceral,
detailed, emotional experience?
>> Let us explain this.
Every energetic creation, or
every manifestation of energy,
holds a unique imprint.
That imprint, in
essence, is a weight
that the emotion carries.
And that emotional weight
can be measured, in essence,
as a part of your
physical experience.
Many have done this in
your planetary being.
They have equated energy and
emotion to the rate of speed,
with the rate of light.
And this is a part of how
you manifest your reality.
So let us use an example, here.
As you have been using
your emotional body
and paying close
attention to the frequency
that you hold, and
you have now created
this beautiful
blue painting, you
decide to take that blue
painting out into the world
and you wish for others
to see that blue painting.
And that blue painting
carries a signature imprint
as an energetic creation.
Everything that you are
doing that is manifested
in your physical reality is
a mirror of that frequency,
or that dominant weight of the--
not only emotional
body, but the frequency
by which it was created, or
through which it was created.
So that imprint that is carried
into the physical reality
is always working to
manifest its match, as well.
So let us go further.
>> OK.
>> You bring this blue painting
into your physical reality
to show it to others.
Who will be attracted to
that physical blue painting?
Will it be random, that
there are human beings that
are drawn to see this painting?
We would say there is
nothing, my friend,
in the universe
that is ever random.
There is an imprint
of energetic nature
that attracts the
energetic imprint
of its dominant vibration.
So those who come to
see this painting--
and especially those who are
most loving of this painting,
we would say--
were attracted through
a grid of energy.
And that grid of energy holds
a frequency of its own match.
>> With this, can I
use this analogy--
because as you were describing
it, I saw energy and geometry
and shapes shooting
out of this painting--
kind of like a string
attached to somebody else
that had that same sort
of geometrical pattern
that they were vibrating
at-- and then it connected
and pulled them into the
same universal space.
I guess that's the
law of attraction.
Is this sort of energy that went
into creating this painting--
is that similar to the
grid work foundations
that we talked
about, that you were
talking about earlier, for
laying the grid of the planet?
>> Yes, we would definitely
say that is how timelines are
created.
>> OK.
>> But in saying this, when we
talk about the universal grid,
we ask that you understand that
there is a consciousness that
must be held here in a dominant
force of vibration in order
to affect the grid
in a positive aspect.
Positive, we say, we
understand, would be in conflict
to neutrality.
But when we say
positive, we're not
talking of positively charged
ions or positively charged
energy, we're talking about
the expansion of that energy
through the timeline.
So just as you have an
energy grid associated
with your experience
here, the energy grid
that is dominant to
the vibrational aspect
of your reality is a part
of the human consciousness
and its expression of
that creative energy.
>> There's, yeah, a lot
of talk about gridding.
And it's this kind of, like,
an unseen energetic field that
surrounds everything in
existence in that, sort
of-- like you said--
the intention that
goes into the creation
of those objects,
those material, physical
things hold that energy,
hold that frequency.
And on the micro scale
as well as the macro,
going up to this--
the entire timeline,
the entire reality
still has that intention,
that frequency of vibration.
>> Yes, we would
agree with that,
although we would say that as
you are talking conceptually
of the universal grid, we
would say there wouldn't be any
physical manifestations as a
part of that universal grid.
The grid that we would
say that many beings
in dimensional realities are
all benefiting from as one,
however we would say that the
aspect of the grid that you
are speaking of as
physical in nature
is one that is very
distinctly connected
to the human consciousness, yes.
>> So other
dimensional realities--
I'm assuming as you get up into
the 12th and 13th dimension,
there is--
is there a physicality, or is
it just all pure energetic--
is it geometrical in form?
>> We would call
it a light body.
>> Light body, OK.
>> Meaning a body of one.
It is not physical in nature.
It is, in essence, the ascension
through which the energies have
congruently raised to
the point of the highest
aspect of the grid, the
highest point of the timeline
that you wish to achieve
in your human state.
And as the human part of
the grid is expanded--
in addition to other dimensional
realities and races--
the aspect of the 12th to
13th dimensional reality
also expands from
that expansion.
>> Is it infinite
in its expansion?
Is there-- I mean, we in this
plane have talked about--
I've heard other material--
channelled materials and other
people talk about 12
and 13 dimensions, or--
and that's about it.
After that, we're
like, we don't go
beyond the 12th or
even 13th-- this
is, I think, the
first time I've ever
heard the 13th being discussed.
So I'm assuming it's infinite.
But as we go up
in consciousness,
in the fifth dimension
and six dimensions,
is more going to be revealed
to us, I'm assuming?
>> We would be pleased
to answer this.
We would say that,
yes, in essence,
the free will of
the universal grid
is infinite in its capability.
And would there be an
ascension point higher than 13?
We would be pleased to
understand that, ourselves.
But there is an aspect
of the timeline,
or the grid, that we want
you to also understand
is cyclical in nature, meaning
that, as a human consciousness,
there is an aspect
of your history
or your reality
in which you also
held a 12th dimensional
reality here.
That 12th dimensional reality
has been changed genetically,
has been manipulated, has been--
the timeline for that
dimensional reality
has been accessed
as well as split
into a variety of
different timelines
here, on this planetary being.
So when we say cyclical, what
we want you to understand is,
as you are ascending to the
highest level of dimension,
you receive an aspect
of your reality
that remembers it must
serve in such a way
that it comes back into a
lower vibrational state.
Think of it this way.
It is a free will choice
as well, we would say,
as there are many on your
planet who have come back
as ascended masters,
yes, who are masters
of energy, who are walking
your earth as higher
dimensional beings.
They have made a free
will choice as a soul,
as an incarnate soul, to
come into this reality
in order to serve.
And through that serving, they
are ascending their own soul
back in to the evolutionary
aspect of the time grid.
So there is a
cyclical nature, yes,
that is also woven into this
understanding of ascension.
>> I do this panel--
I'm doing this panel
next week where
I'm talking about the
holographic universe
idea, this idea that we
come from a hologram, two
dimensional hologram,
and it's perceived
as a three dimensional reality.
This two dimensional
hologram is--
for, I guess,
description's sake--
is two dimensional, like
a flat piece of paper
that has all the
information that there is.
And we, depending on our
vibrational frequency,
we perceive it--
or what angle we're
looking at it at--
then the 3D hologram pops out.
And different bits of
information from the hologram
are able to manifest their
ways in this reality.
Would it be safe to say--
and I know this is
a lot of comparing
references and diagrams--
but would it be safe to say
that the 12th dimensional
consciousness is the entire
hologram, the entire two
dimensional sheet of paper?
>> We would say that what
you are talking about is
the physical versus
the non-physical aspect
of your reality, and how you
are using that to create.
Because through your connection
of the non-physical--
meaning your
connection to the grid,
your connection to
universal energies--
you have access to
all of the information
that you need in order
to create through.
So would the 12th to 13th
dimensional consciousness
be that information?
We would say yes, that is
the information by which you
are tapping into because
it is the full availability
to that information.
It is all that ever
was, is, or has been.
>> Right.
>> So another way to say
this would be that the human
consciousness has the 12th
dimensional genetic capacity
to create from that awareness.
>> And-- and there are other
dimensions, other realities,
that maybe the human conscious
is not necessarily a part
of, that are also other
collectives out there.
But because we are
connected to this collective
that we're speaking to now,
then that's just one version,
like you said.
We were a collective
for one timeline,
for a timeline that we're
connected to and related to.
>> Yes, but we would expand on
that understanding and we would
say that there are many human
beings that are a part of this
planetary space that are able
to hold a variety of different
dimensional realities,
based on where they are
in their personal ascension and
where they are with the genetic
code being triggered by a
variety of different alignments
and how they have been
accepting of those alignments.
Let us give you an example.
We would say that
many on your planetary
being hold a 7th dimensional
capability, meaning they're
able to tap into the
7th dimensional reality
and access that understanding
and that information.
Does that mean that
the human consciousness
is able to hold a 7th
dimensional reality here?
We would say no, because as
a dominant force of nature,
your planetary
being has a density
that is not capable of holding
that dominant frequency.
So we would say there
are human beings that
are accessing a variety
of different dimensional
realities.
There are some that
are even disposed,
through their genetic
code, to connect
with a certain race
of dimensional beings
and are doing that quite easily.
There are some
that have signed up
through their souls'
evolution to walk
this planet with a dimensional
reality that is higher
in nature, in order to
forge a telepathic two way
communication between
these collectives
or groups of beings.
So it is not based on
the dominant reality
that you hold in a
singular nature, meaning,
yes we are wishing that the
human consciousness is not
singular in nature and
is reforming as a one,
but your singular nature,
currently, as a human race,
holds a variety of
dimensional access codes
that are very specific
to each human being.
>> And that's what
we're doing here.
We're tapping into
this 12th dimensional--
12th, 13th dimensional
collective.
>> That is correct, yes.
>> How does one go about
healing their physical ailments
or pains?
>> Yes, we are pleased to offer
this advice as it is a part
of your journey and your
ascension to a fifth
dimensional consciousness.
And there are many
who have assembled
to assist in this energy and
are very pleased that there
are multi-dimensional
races that are
benefiting from your ascension
here in this planetary being.
Human beings who are
centered within the frequency
of the fourth dimensional
reality in this moment
are seeing, within
their reality,
many things that are
not to their liking.
And those things show up
within their physical reality
as an expression of their soul,
through a connection of a soul
mate, let us say,
or an expression
of their creative energy
through their gifts
and their path that
they are walking.
Many are in a
situation that is not
to their liking within
their family units
or within their
communities, where
there has been destructions
or, we would say, even wars.
Many have physical
bodies that are not
what they had wished
they would have received.
All of these
experiences that you
have placed within a category
of not to your liking,
or causing you
suffering or pain,
are actually not only a part
of your individual soul's
expression and
ascension in this time.
It's a mirror to what the
collective human consciousness
is meant to heal.
So when human beings
are asking, what
must I do to solve
this situation, we
have a lower vibration
on our planetary being,
we would say outer actions
to solve or resolve
those energies are not
within your best interests,
that you are--
>> Our actions?
What do you mean?
>> Meaning, let us say, there
is a consciousness of war.
>> OK, that sort of--
>> Yes, and a human being is
attempting to dissolve that
consciousness through physical
action or interaction.
We would say that is not always
the best course of action
to take in order to heal
this planetary being.
You must focus your
attention, first,
within your own
physical reality.
The reason to this, my friends,
is it is all connected.
This energy grid we speak of,
this web of consciousness we
speak of, it is all the same.
So when you are looking
at your physical reality
and you are seeing things
that are not to your liking,
they are the things you
must first bring the higher
frequency to to heal, in order
to see the changes manifested
within your collective
consciousness
that you wish to see changed
and reconnected, in a sense
of rebirth, here, on this
planetary living, breathing,
Mother Gaia being that you
have connected to in this time.
>> So, in essence,
to fix the world,
we have to fix ourselves first.
>> Yes, that is a roundabout
way of saying it, yes.
We are pleased to also remind
you that your souls are all
connected as one.
So what your brother
is experiencing
within this physical
reality, although it
may seem very specific to what
their expression of energy is,
it is all the same.
It is a mirror of
what you are here
to serve through
your karmic energy
in order to heal and reconnect
as a one consciousness.
We often speak of the
heart chakra and the heart
centeredness that is a part of
your being, by which you will
connect through, and we wish
to always remind human beings
that this is the first
avenue for that consciousness
reforming.
But you must consider that that
heart centered consciousness
must be a part of
every interaction
within your daily
world, in order
to maintain the frequency
as a singular being
to reconnect to others.
The heart chakra is
always sending a signal.
It is always receiving a signal.
It is a very integral part
of your operating system,
in addition to what we have
mentioned earlier as the mind.
It is always reaching
out to another
and always assessing where the
frequency must be neutralized.
The neutral frequency
is always the key.
So let us give you an example.
If you are connecting
with a human being
in this time and
that human being
is a part of your
soul's experience,
and you feel as if
that human being is
at lower vibrational frequency.
Many human beings would
say, I should turn my back
on this human being because
they are at a lower vibrational
frequency than myself.
So I should not associate
with this human being,
and is not capable to heal this
relationship of lower nature.
We would say to open your mind
to a new aspect of that healing
through the heart chakra.
And how you begin to understand
that the way that you connect
in a physical way
with this being
is the way in which you adjust
the frequency to neutral state
between the two of you.
So if you are of a
higher consciousness
than this other
human, it doesn't
mean that you have to keep this
human being within your energy
field.
If they are causing you
harm, we would say no.
But it is about resolving
that energy in such a way
that you bring the neutrality
of higher consciousness
to the entire energetic
wrapped around the energy
of the connection,
of the heart chakra.
That's the basis, you
see, for this reconnection
we speak of to the
one consciousness.
It's about bringing the neutral
energy to a higher space,
to a higher dominant frequency,
and in looking at yourself
as the engager of that frequency
in your own physical reality.
That is the best place
to start in order
to heal the entire
human consciousness.
>> Right.
>> Yes.
Those human beings who
would call themselves
light bearers or light beings
in this time-- who have come to,
in essence, be the conduits
for the shift of consciousness
that is the awakening of
the human revolution-- we
see as a part of the merging
of this dominant genetic basis
that is taking you offline
with the human race as a one,
is being blocked by
yourselves, by the resistant
energies that you hold to
wanting these connections
in such a way.
Let us explain.
Let us go back to the original
example of the relationship
that you have manifested,
and this relationship is
one of lower vibrational
consciousness.
As you are feeling the
discord of that energy
and you are attaching to
the discord of that energy
and holding it within
your emotional body,
you are blocking the
manifestation of the connection
to those that hold a similar
frequency to your own.
In essence, the bigger
picture is this--
the reason many of these
relationships and situations
of lower vibrational
nature are coming up
within your physical
world at this time
is for you to neutralize the
energy and clear them in order
to integrate the new
frequency, allowing
you to reconnect to another
in this way that you speak of.
So the things that
are showing up for you
in your physical
world that you are not
clearing, that you are
holding resistant energy,
to are going to stay
magnetized to your energy body
through the very
resistant energy that
is causing your frequency
to match them, you see?
It is all a dominant
frequency match.
>> Right.
So until we can--
once we get to
that neutral state,
even within a relationship with
someone of a lower vibration,
in order for a new--
until we clear that, until
we neutralize that state
and stay at that state,
then a new relationship
or relationship with
that person that
can be met on the same
level won't happen.
So we have to get
there, stay there.
>> We would agree with this,
and we want to bring karma
into the equation, because
human beings often like to speak
of karma and how they
manifest karmic situations.
So there is a relationship,
yes, and this relationship
is causing you much suffering.
There is a free will choice
by human beings in this time,
and that free will choice
is often misunderstood,
and we wanted to
explain that to you.
You do have a free will
choice as a human being,
as a human consciousness,
to create your reality
to your liking.
As an individual
soul, you do come
with karma, or lower
vibrational weight,
that has been accumulated
through other experiences.
And yes, that must
be surged, not only
for the evolution of
who you have become,
but for the evolution
of every soul that
has ever walked or will
walk this planet and beyond.
Those karmic situations
that show up to you
are, again, an aspect
of your reality
that are the basis for
your very ascension.
So as you are wishing
for a better relationship
and you are attaching to
the dominant frequency
of that lower vibration, you
have the free will choice
to accept a timeline here.
You have the free will
choice to accept the timeline
by which you suffer
and accept this energy
as a part of your experience.
Or you have a free will
choice to bring a new energy
to the experience.
The other soul that is
engaged through this energy
also has a free
will choice by which
they can choose the timeline.
So are you able to
resolve the energy
of another in the experience
that you have with them?
We would say that would
not at all be possible,
because they are the only player
in that creation of energy
that has any free will choice
in how it manifests for them.
So you are able to
accept a better timeline
through the frequency that you
bring to these experiences.
And that is why,
in essence, they
have come with you as
an expression of energy,
or as a soul, in
this incarnate body.
It's for your own evolution
and for the evolution
of the entire human
consciousness.
But it is through your free
will choice by which you
accept that ascension timely.
>> So, in essence, we're all in
our own unique little reality
bubbles, but yet in a larger,
greater bubble of experience.
>> We would say you are
integral in all of it, yes.
>> I see.
>> So instead of putting the
blame on someone and saying,
well, that person
is holding me back,
don't focus on that and focus
on your own reality bubble,
and they will come with you.
>> They will either come with
you or they will be cleared
to allow another.
>> Right.
>> Yes, and it is all based
on the frequency by which you
choose to bring to
that interaction.
>> Frequency at
which you vibrate.
>> Yes, and where we are headed
with this point is to show you
how, as a part of all of it,
that new frequency that you
hold in the ascension by which
you have accepted through
your free will choice, now
becomes a part of the human
collective.
Imagine, my friend,
if every human being
was to come at their free
will choice decisions
by this type of energy,
and understanding
that they hold the
dominant frequency by which
to heal those wars, by
which to heal the famine,
by which to reverse the
damages of the rivers
and streams and oceans
upon your planet
by the very free will
choice that they make,
that holds the
dominant frequency
by which we reconnect.
>> I have one other person
I'd like to call upon,
if that's possible.
>> Yes.
>> Mary Magdalene.
>> Greetings.
>> Greetings, hello.
I'm not-- I have a
question, I know that--
a couple of questions,
more of a personal
matter, but I was
wondering if there
is a connection between
myself and Mary,
and if you have been
one of my guides.
I've been told this
and felt the energy,
and just wanted to get a
sort of verbal confirmation
here, if that's possible.
>> Yes, I am very pleased to
explain this connection as we
are connected to
many in this time.
And when I say we,
there is a consciousness
of ascended masters
and angelic presence
that are connected to the
physical nature of your planet,
as many of us have walked
this physical nature
and are very connected
to its energy.
There is a reason by which
you are connected to the Mary
Magdalene energetic
in this time,
as there is a past life
in which you were very
associated with the
divine feminine presence
of this energy.
The divine feminine
presence is the aspect
by which your
human consciousness
is being asked to engage, in
order to heal and reconnect
through the heart chakra.
This divine feminine
presence is not only
a part of your reality through
this past life connection
that we do wish to explain--
so let us go into some detail.
>> OK.
So as a channel, I'm going
to step in and tell you
what I'm seeing
in the mind's eye,
because what I'm seeing is,
I'm seeing a flock of sheep.
I'm seeing a herder, you know,
like a herder with a staff
and the cloak and the
sheep, and out in the field.
And I see a very bright
sun, I see fields of grass,
I see a gate, and I see you
as the shepherd, you know.
I see you as the
shepherd of the sheep.
And you're on a mountain.
It's a mountain top, it's
a very beautiful scene.
And as you come over the
top of that mountain,
I can look down on
a home or a house.
And there's some smoke
coming from the chimney.
So there's someone there.
There's a fire in
the home, burning.
There's a pot, there's
a cast iron pot.
There's a woman there.
As you walk into the home,
there's also a child.
There's a baby in this home.
And I get the word "peddler
child," I don't know why.
This child, as a
connection of your soul,
was a part of the
divine feminine energy,
in such that there was--
I feel like I'm getting
the Christ consciousness
in this time, for you.
I feel like I'm
getting the child
as growing up in this time
frame, for this timeline--
not exactly, of course, being
the Christ consciousness,
but as a near to that
energy in that timeline--
and going out into
the world, and there
was work that was done as
a teacher of this child.
And you were in much
support of that.
Like, I see the hand
on the shoulder,
and here's this young child
with something to speak,
with something to say.
And that teaching comes
from the aspect of--
it's an ancient practice by
which we connect to the gods.
It's an ancient practice by
which we connect to ourselves.
It's the ancient
practice by which
we engage that divine feminine,
and it's a teaching in itself.
And I think it's
something that you are--
this child that you
beared in this life, that
had this-- it's like
it came with this
really evolved soul to teach
this word, whatever it was.
It's something that
is handed to you.
So the guides show
me it's handed
to you, this teaching
of this divine feminine,
of this divine presence,
and what that connection
was to ancient worlds and gods.
And in this time, gods were
accessed for information,
you know?
How do we sow the crops?
How do we best, you know,
heal ourselves, or what do--
you know, what do
we need to do with--
which direction do we go?
Where do we build?
Where do we go?
How do we bring
in this new world?
And it was a really
developmental time
in not only this child's
life but, the life
of the universe-- creation.
I see this being a
very pivotal time
in the Christ consciousness,
you know, energy.
And it's a mirror, because the
guides give me that mirror,
you know, when you
hold it up to self.
And they almost hand it
to you with this teaching.
So what Mary Magdalene
is stepping into say is,
the reason you're
connected to her
is through that divine
feminine teaching,
or through that divine
feminine presence
that you embody through that
life and through that child.
Because you learned it from that
child, who really came with it.
You know, children are
born onto the planet,
she wants you to know,
because this is also--
it all ties in.
She says you have a very
strong connection to children.
And the reason and the
meaning for their being,
especially in this
time, you know,
that the human
consciousness is in.
And it all ties together,
because they're really here
to balance that
energy, where she says,
you know, you have an awareness.
If you don't already,
I feel like you're
going there with your research.
It's like, here's your path.
You've been walking
this path and it's
kind of going to veer off
to the right, she shows me.
And that's where you step
into this feminine presence
of the divine energy,
and where you begin to--
it's like you're going to bring
in a practice or understanding
and teach it to others as a
part of what you've been doing.
But it really involves children.
And bridging what the
children bring here,
with the divine energy of the
feminine essence with what they
have to deal with in a very
masculine-based society,
and knowing how to
balance all of that--
and I feel like that's why you
have this connection to her.
And what she's
trying to show us is
that's where you're going next.
And that's why she
comes in really strong
as a presence around
you, because she embodies
that essence in that teaching.
>> I see.
Awesome.
>> Yes.
>> I have one more
question for Mary,
and I'm going back to
when Jesus was crucified.
There's this story of this
oil that was created by Mary
and, I think, used to put on his
wounds, I think, at the time.
Could you explain that
story and then, maybe,
the history of this oil?
>> Yes.
So the oil, in physical
nature, is the essence
of the spiritual access that
you have to source, to Christ
the consciousness,
to the ability
to connect to that
healing outside
of your physical nature.
Many, in this time, take
the stories of the Bible
as very literal in meaning,
that there was an oil,
in essence, that held a specific
power or connection to a power
that was the healing.
The oil, in essence, is the very
integral part of your being.
The placing of that
oil, in essence,
is your connection to source
and the Christ consciousness,
to heal self.
It is stepping outside
of the physical
and connecting to the
non physical presence
of that Christ,
the consciousness.
It is bringing
you in as creator.
So this oil, in essence, that
you speak of-- although many
say it can be recreated
or it has been saved,
and we would say
that we would agree,
that there have been remnants
of this oil that have been
discovered on your
planetary being--
the essence of the
oil is, in fact,
the connection of you anointing
self, you praying to self,
you connecting to
self as a healer.
>> So as another entity
Bashar would say,
it's a permission slip, so
to say, connect to self.
The actual oil itself may
not be the healing power,
but we give it that power
to connect to the source,
to ourselves.
>> It is all within you.
So the oil is not separate of
you, the oil is who you are.
>> I see.
>> Yes.
>> Well, thank you very much.
That's all I have for now.
And any words of wisdom
before you leave?
>> Yes, we would say we have
been pleased to engage this
communication.
We ask for all human
beings to, of course,
embody the nature of
their soul as a connection
to the consciousness
of Mary, meaning
the divine feminine presence.
As you are bringing
that into the world,
we are very pleased to
support you in that energy.
And we have been very
pleased and blessed
to have facilitated
this connection.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello.
>> Hi.
>> How was that?
>> It was good.
>> You get a charge
when you're in that--
>> Yeah.
I mean, I just feel the love.
I mean, I just buzz
all over with--
>> Yeah, you look more
vibrant now than--
>> I always do.
I should channel every day,
before I leave the house.
>> Take a shower, then channel.
>> Yeah, exactly.
[MUSIC PLAYING]